Managerial round questions:

1.	Describe a situation where you had to delegate tasks to team members. How did you determine who should be responsible for what, and how did you ensure successful completion of the tasks?

In Shaashwat and CyberBort club as I am at Head Managing position and as we have to manage the various event and in those events we require the BoDs to perform various tasks. I Delegate task to them on the basis of their field of expertise. Initially we ask them the field they are interested in, and on the basis of initially given task and the way in which that person respond to that position, the quality of Person get assessed by me. And on the basis of that assessment the I delegate the further task.
In CyberBort we have various teams responsible for the particular task and in those teams there are members who are good in that field. So, delegating the task is more easier in it.
 
2.	How do you handle tight deadlines and high-pressure situations? Can you provide an example of a time when you effectively managed a project under such circumstances?

First, I calculate the time left in our hand and accordingly prioritize the tasks that are pending. While Prioritizing the tasks I identify the tasks that could be done by me and by others. For that I use Eisenhower Matrix. Here I would like to mention one of the incident where I have faced tight deadline, 1) Project report submission and making survey paper. 2) in shaashwat club while I had started a activity of posting post related to nature, medicinal plants and various activists etc. there was a situation where we were late on submitting the caption and info related to post to content creator. That post was to posted on 12 pm and till 10 also the content was not given. So, I when I received the call regarding that the content is not there, so, I immediately called the person whose turn was there to submit and also called other member, had chat on group decided the plant and distributed the task the submitted the task in less than1.5 hrs. and post was bit late but it was posted on same day. From then We kept 3-4 post info ready beforehand.

 I am the person who is dedicated to the job and I always try to grow my organisation with my efforts 
3.	In your experience working with teams, what strategies have you found effective in fostering collaboration and synergy among team members?

To foster collaboration between the team they should have spent a good moment with each other. When they do masti with each other when they laugh in the moments with other the bond between them becomes stronger. Assigning them work and asking them to work as a team. Sometimes, to build there bonding sometimes we leaders have to become villain to foster there bonding.

Psychological studies show that when team are made to compete with each other they give best output then working whole on only one problem 


4.	Can you share an example of a time when you had to mediate a disagreement or find a compromise between team members who had conflicting opinions or ideas?

Yes, In club there were many situations of disagreement and I had to mediate between those 1) when planning for event there were many situations but two manage that sometimes they had to move back after explaining why my decision is correct and why their isn’t. 
2) Yogesh Thanage, the Cyber law specialist from Pune was invited for a session for cybersecurity subject, this invitation wasn’t from our club and CyberSecurity subject’s sir wanted us to host that event, do everything but they informed us only 2 days prior to that hence managing and floating the msg at this short interval was not good for our club. And even our club members were not interested to host the event. But after explaining them the importance of the event and planning all preparation the event was a successful and good event. 
3) Disagreement in choosing name for the Shaashwat’s event of Project and Idea Competition. Name suggested by me was Avinya and name suggested by others were Prakalp, Sankalp and others

5.	How do you ensure effective communication within a team? Describe a situation where you had to overcome communication barriers or facilitate communication among team members.

When we were in online mode and operating for the club. For communication and planning we used to have chatting over whatsapp grp and meeting if needed the most. But this was ineffective in building bond between us and which was causing more issues such as people were not willing to contribute. And to tackle that I was starting person from newly recruited team who started speaking in meeting asking my UBA guys to speak up. And suggested some activities for team bonding like prepared a ppt for team game.

6.	Tell me about a time when you had to make a decision based on limited information or ambiguous circumstances. How did you approach the situation, and what steps did you take to mitigate risks?

When were in 2nd year as TPE information related to any upcoming drive or event of placement is given us in Need-to-Know basis and we were given the only information. 
Then first before acting on to the information I assess whether provided information is sufficient to act upon. If needed we can ask for more info. 
Then we check whether info can be shared and work can be delegated or not to make work faster.
And if any work has gone wrong, then we should not repudiate and take full accountability and responsibility of the work we have done
7.	Describe a project or initiative where you had to manage a budget or allocate resources effectively. How did you ensure that resources were utilized optimally, and what measures did you take to stay within budget?
In shaashwat’s project competition Sankalp, we promised to give breakfast and lunch but due to the sponsorship was at the last time was cancelled and due to budget problem we core team of Shaashwat decided to Keep the Registration for longer time and also given samosa and chutney at nearly 11 am so that
8.	How do you stay updated on industry trends and developments? Can you provide an example of how you have applied new knowledge or insights to improve team performance or outcomes?
To manage the project, we are now implementing the Google Sheets, Notion. Nowadays, info about new tech comes very fast and as I am good at working and learning the new tech I am good at applying them to my work. 
9.	Tell me about a time when you had to handle a difficult team member or address a performance issue. How did you approach the situation, and what steps did you take to help the individual improve or manage their behaviour?
There obviously be many situations of clashes since we will be having people with various personalities. To resolve the clashes caused by the person, when I realized the which person is wrong and on which foot it is wrong. I will make him realize that he is wrong and 
1)	Gaurav Nibokar, Media head for Linkedin not performing well, was not growing the network, wasn’t posting related to club due to his own personal issues. I asked him why he hasn’t posting the post, he apologised and told that this won’t be happen further but after some days he did the same, I had given him final Ultimatum to do his work correctly but he continued to do the same at that time I enquired about him to his friend and there I came to know that he is into depression that time besides asking for resignation, I asked him to take break and kept his Position. And supported him. 
2)	Shaashwat guy wasn’t performing well as CS Dept head and also misbehaving with president and others since he wanted to leave the college and club, I asked him whether he want to leave the club and if he want to then he can, but misbehaving will not be tolerated. We made him realized the mistake of him. He applozied to us and now he is working fine. 

10.	Describe a situation where you had to lead a team through a significant change or transition. How did you manage resistance or uncertainty, and what steps did you take to ensure a smooth transition for the team?
When I reapplied for UBA Technical Head Position in Shaashwat and got the Position of Sr. UBA Technical Head in the Core team of the Shaashwat, and we recruited the new team then for their smooth onboarding and to get bonding between them we ensure hosting events, Team bonding sessions after our event. We also made a interdeparment teams given task of Managing the event not only to CSD but others also. By giving them the chance to lead and manage the sessions with other have built the bonding between them.

11.	Tell me about a time when you had to lead a team or group project. What was your role, and how did you ensure the project's success?
I had led many teams such as in Shaashawat club, CyberBort Club and my own project group in many instances. To ensure the success in my opinion Planning for what we are going to do, keeping everyone aligned with the plan, keeping track of what others are doing, in which section their lacking and if lacking then resolving that situation to make them proceed and not letting them fall back, keeping them with everyone, helping each other, if any deadline then making them realise that deadline is coming and sometimes taking soft and hard decisions is what leads to success of the project. Giving everyone recognition of their work and praising everyone boosts their moral to work and attain success.
12.	How do you approach building and managing relationships within a team or group? Can you provide an example of a time when you successfully built rapport and cooperation within a diverse team?

13.	Describe a situation where you encountered conflicts or disagreements within a team. How did you handle it, and what steps did you take to resolve the conflict?


14.	How do you prioritize tasks and manage time effectively when working with multiple teams or projects simultaneously?
While working with multiple teams and responding them at right time and doing what has been assigned to me was bit difficult task since there were many situations that I was into something and I was assigned something new by other team. And since I was nearly in all teams at higher positions I would have to respond quickly. That time to manage the task effectively I am using Eisenhower matrix of time management and it have worked for me better. By assessing the work I would decide whether to do that work right now, should delegate to someone who can do it in nicer way, or should I schedule for some other time  or should eliminate that task. The tasks which were necessary to be done at that instance with priority that task I have done at that instance by keeping other task aside.
15.	Have you ever encountered a situation where a team member was not performing well or meeting expectations? How did you address the issue and help the team member improve their performance?
Yes, I have encountered that situation lot of times. At that time, I spoke to that person why it is taking so much time than assigned time and why isn’t that person is performing well. If he could get the legit reason and if I found that the person wouldn’t able to carry on the work in same pace and with the same energy I would assign that work to other team member and give them other work if they are in condition to do the work. 
16. Can you provide an example of a project or initiative where you had to collaborate with individuals from different backgrounds or departments? How did you ensure effective communication and alignment of goals?
17. Tell me about a time when you had to make a difficult decision that affected your team or group. How did you approach the decision-making process, and what were the outcomes?
18. How do you motivate and inspire your team members to achieve their best performance? Can you provide an example of a time when you successfully motivated a team to accomplish a challenging task or goal?
19. How do you handle feedback, both positive and constructive, from team members? Can you provide an example of how you incorporated feedback to improve your own performance or the team's performance?
20. Describe a situation where you had to adapt to unexpected changes or challenges within a project or team. How did you manage the situation, and what strategies did you employ to ensure the team's success?
21. What attracts you to working in a startup like Edu-versity, as opposed to a more established company? (Answer in 300+ words)
22. Where do you see yourself in terms of professional growth and development over the next five years?  (Answer in 300+ words)
23. In your opinion, what has been the 3 most valuable takeaway from your college experience? How has it prepared you for the next phase of your career? (Answer in 250+ words).
24. Describe a situation where you faced multiple obstacles or setbacks in a short period of time. How did you manage the challenges and maintain your perseverance to achieve your desired outcome?  (Answer in 500+ words)
25. What qualities do you possess that make you a strong candidate for a sales profile? Elaborate in 6-10 points. (Answer in 500+ words)
